From the ashes of disaster grow the roses of success.
Don't stop until you're proud.
Don't believe everything you think.
The less you give a fuck, the happier you'll be.
Don't let yesterday take up too much of today.
Do not feel lonely, the universe is inside you.
Be regular and orderly in your life, so that you may be violent and original in your work.
We do not see things the way they are. We see things the way we are.
You are an aperture through which the universe is looking at and exploring itself.
Be the energy you want to attract.
Great things never came from comfort zones.
Worry is a misuse of your imagination.
Never stop being a good person because of bad people.
Comfort is the enemy of progress.
You don't get a refund on wasted time.
If you put your mind to it, you can accomplish anything.
If you have good thoughts, they will shine out of your face like sun beams and you will always be happy.
I must not fear. Fear is the mind-killer. Fear is the little-death that brings total obliteration. I will face my fear. I will permit it to pass over me and through me. And when it has gone past I will turn the inner eye to see its path. Where the fear has gone there will be nothing. Only I will remain.
Prove them wrong.
If you feel like shit, everyone you hate wins.
Do what you can't.
Growth comes at the point of resistance.
Push yourself, because no one else is going to do it for you.
Be positive and positive things will happen.
Take pride in knowing your struggle will play the biggest role in your purpose.
This too shall pass.
New beginnings are often disguised as painful endings.
Those mountains that you are carrying, you were only supposed to climb.
You are supposed to be here.
Fail again. Fail better.
Put up your own decorations in life.
Nobody's heard of you because you haven't written your story yet.
Small victories keep you motivated.
One day you'll thank yourself for not giving up.
As long as you're learning, you're not failing.
If you're the smartest guy in the room, you're not getting any smarter.
Advice is free. Making use of it costs much more.
Don't be worried if your job is small, or awards are few. The mighty oak was once a nut, just like you.
Take no shit, give no fucks.
What if you're right and they're wrong?
Where your fear is, there your task is.
We either make ourselves miserable or we make ourselves strong. The amount of work is the same.
There's a difference between knowing the path and walking the path.
Don't abandon yourself for lack of being paid.
Not everything that matters can be measured, and not everything that can be measured matters.
Actually you can.
